Ramar won the World Championship in o4
he has been pining for his second
bracelet basis please things and things
for a couple of my opponents world
champion shouldn't beg for pocket aces
it's beneath the crown alright action
will start on Don Eastern ace five
offsuit here's the poker coach charges
$650 an hour actually should be a
divorce lawyer his brother is a lawyer
and steams that Donny makes a better
hourly rate he raises to three hundred
thousand looking with King 10 off suit
he has not played many pots but when he
plays he is primed makes the call yeah
he is aggressive but selective
aggression unlike this on abashed
aggression of isaac Axton with nine
seven offsuit isaac started playing live
poker at the age of 18 in upstate New
York at Turning Stone Indian casino she
mentioned very aggressive yeah he does
like the play you want me to say a
variety of starting cards occasionally
nine high he'll play those in raise with
him a million fifty thousand Isaac's
senses weakness here and comes back over
the top with nothing Greg Raymer in the
big blind ace eight that's actually the
best starting hand here but he's got a
call on two raises in front of him Ramar
gives up his ace now Don Eastern who has
ace five and he mucks as well so Haxton
plans working so far not a Lincoln who
has just King ten Luke and catches
Haxton and I'll look these Russians are
already standing up for a fight I don't
like it
after wonder of Lincoln has a read on
Isaac what Lincoln doesn't have much but
hacks and Scotch squat douche Lumpkin
does have some type of read he's caught
the aggressive youngster with his hand
in the cookie jar lon so the hand must
come out of the cookie jar and be mocked
indeed Isaac and strengthens his chip
lead at this final table his fans love
it I'm Tony the last
Russians cheering on our home soil but
with two